# Questionnaire 1

# Questionnaire 1

1. **Do you need these for deep learning?**
    - Lots of math - F
    - Lots of data - F
    - Lots of expensive computers - F
    - A PhD - F
2. **Name five areas where deep learning is now the best in the world.**
    1. Medical
    2. NLP
    3. Computer Vision 
    4. Chess
    5. Robotics
3. **What was the name of the first device that was based on the principle of the artificial neuron?** Mark I perceptron.
4. **Based on the book of the same name, what are the requirements for parallel distributed processing (PDP)?**
    1. A set of processing units
    2. A state of activation
    3. An output function for each unit
    4. A pattern of connectivity among units
    5. A propagation rule for propagating patterns of activities through the network of connectivities
    6. An activation rule for combining the inputs impinging on a unit with the current state of that unit to produce an output for the unit
        A learning rule whereby patterns of connectivity are modified by experience
        An environment within which the system must operate
5. **What were the two theoretical misunderstandings that held back the field of neural networks?**
7. **What is a GPU?** Graphics Processing Unit. 
8. **Open a notebook and execute a cell containing: `1+1`. What happens?** 2
9. **Follow through each cell of the stripped version of the notebook for this chapter. Before executing each cell, guess what will happen.**
10. **Complete the Jupyter Notebook online appendix.**
11. **Why is it hard to use a traditional computer program to recognize images in a photo?** Hard for traditional computers to detect features, shapes and colours.
12. **What did Samuel mean by "weight assignment"?** weight assignment is a particular choice of values for those variables
13. **What term do we normally use in deep learning for what Samuel called "weights"?**
14. **Draw a picture that summarizes Samuel's view of a machine learning model.** Refer to Fastbook chapter 1. 
15. **Why is it hard to understand why a deep learning model makes a particular prediction?** 
16. **What is the name of the theorem that shows that a neural network can solve any mathematical problem to any level of accuracy?** universal approximation theorem
17. **What do you need in order to train a model?** Model Architecture.
18. **How could a feedback loop impact the rollout of a predictive policing model?**
19. **Do we always have to use 224×224-pixel images with the cat recognition model?** no
20. **What is the difference between classification and regression?** classification - label. regression - numeric quantity.
21. **What is a validation set? What is a test set? Why do we need them?** Evaluate the model during training
22. **What will fastai do if you don't provide a validation set?** valid_pct
23. **Can we always use a random sample for a validation set? Why or why not?** It is dependent on the applications.
24. **What is overfitting? Provide an example.** When the model starts to generalise. 
25. **What is a metric? How does it differ from "loss"?** Measures quality of the model’s predictions using the validation set
26. **How can pretrained models help?** Already trained and can be improved by fint-tuning. 
